chapter four then was Jesus led up of
the spirit into the wilderness to be
tempted of the devil and when he had
fasted forty days and forty nights he
was afterward an hungred and when the
tempter came to him he said if thou be
the Son of God command that these stones
be made bread but he answered and said
it is written man shall not live by
bread alone but by every word that
proceedeth out of the mouth of God then
the devil taketh him up into the holy
city and setteth him on a pinnacle of
the temple and saith unto him if thou be
the Son of God cast thyself down for it
is written he shall give his angels
charge concerning thee and in their
hands they shall bear thee up lest at
any time thou dash thy foot against a
stone jesus said unto him it is written
again thou shalt not tempt the LORD thy
God again the devil taketh him up into
an exceeding high mountain and share
with him all the kingdoms of the world
and the glory of them and saith unto him
all these things will I give thee if
thou wilt fall down and worship me then
saith Jesus unto him get thee hence
Satan for it is written thou shalt
worship the Lord thy God and him only
shalt thou serve
then the devil leaveth him and behold
angels came and ministered unto him
now when Jesus had heard that John was
cast into prison he departed into
Galilee and leaving Nazareth he came and
dwelt in Capernaum which is upon the
Seacoast in the waters of Zebulun and
Naphtali that it might be fulfilled
which was spoken by Isaiah the prophet
saying the land of Zebulun and the land
of Nephilim by the way of the sea beyond
jordan galilee of the gentiles the
people which sat in darkness saw a great
light and to them which sat in the
region and shadow of death light is
sprung up
from that time Jesus began to preach and
to say repent while the kingdom of
heaven is at hand and Jesus walking by
the Sea of Galilee saw two brethren
Simon called Peter Andrew his brother
casting a net into the sea for they were
fishers and he saith unto them follow me
and I will make you fishers of men and
they straightway left their nets and
followed him and going on from thence he
saw other two brother and James the son
of Zebedee and John his brother in a
ship with Zebedee their father mending
their nets and he called them and they
immediately left the ship and their
father and followed him and Jesus went
about all Galilee teaching in their
synagogues and preaching the gospel of
the kingdom and healing all manner of
sickness and all manner of disease among
the people and his fame went throughout
all Syria and they brought unto him all
sick people that were taken with diverse
diseases and torments and those which
were possessed with devils and those
which were lunatic and those that had
the palsy and he healed them there
followed him great multitudes of people
from Galilee and from Decapolis and from
Jerusalem and from Judea and from beyond
Jordan
you